OSDOCS#16572: first batch of rec visibility changes (#100838)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/authentication-authorization-common-terms.adoc

ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
mint mode::
In mint mode, the Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) uses the provided administrator-level cloud credential to create new credentials for components in the cluster with only the specific permissions that are required.
+
[NOTE]
====

> Mint mode is the default and recommended best practice setting for the CCO to use on the platforms for which it is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mint mode is the default and the preferred setting for the CCO to use on the platforms for which it is supported.
```
